Dominic, thank you for your submission.

The portfolio provides an overview of the project aim, research and development. The portfolio demonstrates engagement with research related to the project, particularly analysis of existing sound games. The sources used align well to the project aims and a very brief summary is provided of the content of the resources – however, the summary is very short and doesn’t give insight into what has been learned or how this research shaped the  practical work. This is particularly true of the academic sources cited which have no summary or discussion within the PDP. It would have been beneficial to list how the varied approaches identified within these games and texts informed your project direction, development and outcome to achieve your project aims. As you are interested in education through the game, it may also have been benefical to look at more games and apps that focus on education (music based or otherwise) to identify the techniques and mechanics they use and what you feel works well or doesn't. This would have complemented your evolving game concept well and strengthened the personal educational goal of the project. As UX is similarly an area of interest, research into this through academic/practitioner resources and analysis of existing games would enhance process and learning.

The PDP outlines key stages of development and there was clearly an iterative process to developing the concept. There is unfortunately very little visual reference or WIP screen captures included and it is difficult to interpret what the game is and how it is developing through the text alone. This is identified in the project reflection and it is clear that you are aware of issues around the documentation process. There is no evidence of planning prior to prototyping and limited conceptual and ideation content that underpins the technical process.

The game prototype was delivered as a unity file and when opened and played, no interaction was possible. It was therefore not possible to see the mechanics in action that were described in the PDP. The addition of a video of the final outcome would help to make the project more accessible, unsure it can be seen should the Unity file not work and was outlined as a deliverable in the learning contract. 

The project reflection provides a summary of time limitations and the impact of DES310 but it would have been very helpful to have reflected more so on the learning and development within this module. What were the strengths in what has been learned and done and what are some areas for development? A future plan is outlined to some extent which is heartening, but the reflection could benefit from being constructive in its observations and focussing some more on DES311 specifically once the impact of DES310 was outlined. 

The concept for this project is interesting and the project has potential. Moving forward, spending further time in the design stages strategising UX and educational approaches would help to enhance the gameplay and learning potential of the prototype. Iterative development focussing on UX and testing would also help to achieve the project goals. Working on documentation of process, communication of key stages, learning and iteration would also help enhance the transparency and rigor of showcasing your learning process and the addition analysis of how research is put into practice in the work will stand you in very good stead for fourth year study.  