========
"The presentation of inspirational sources is helpful but it doesn't help to communicate learning or creative development." 

"however, the addition of commentary that details what was learned from these resources or how they informed the development of the project would help to showcase the development of the project and your skills in your chosen specialist areas."

hmm
learning or creative development

yeah I think this is right
I'm just kinda vague with it
If I made a realistation I usually just hand wave to stuff that assisted in it

If I had a good idea
I just hand wave to the inspiration

hmm though

I think in terms of learning and design
I should try and be more specific

Like with my thoughts about inheritance and stuff
well, idk really

I guess I should just be more specific with what I thought of the resources
Because my strategy was to kind of lead them along the path that made me have the realistation
But it's probably better to explain the links and roughly what I thought of it at the time and precisely what I think of it now

Maybe...
Not sure If I'm 100% getting what they're wanting here.

========
"The addition of some research into games that aim to teach players about musical composition through games may also have added well to the research as it may have provided some tips regarding good (or poor) approaches to UX design and embedding education into a fun experience. "

Idk
Yeah I think as a research thing sure
Don't know about many games like that but they probably are out there

But yeh, I didn't want to make a game like that, but it probably wouldn't hurt to research that stuff.

========
"Whilst 9 to 5 does not currently work well for you, it may be worth considering how to make your regular working pattern work well with other professionals or potential clients. I mention this as a point for consideration for the future as you mention wanting to work on your own games and there may be a need to find a middle ground between your own working pattern and those of people who may help to fund your work such as clients/funders etc."

Yep.
Probably will have to do that.

Ideally I can find a middle ground and compromise
But most likely I will just have to work 9 to 5

========
"It also seems that a great deal of skills development has taken place in relation to programming, however, this isn't documented within the portfolio."

"The design, planning and development of the prototype is also not documented and whilst there is a summary on GitHub, it would have been beneficial to include the development process, learning and issues within the portfolio to help to more transparently communicate your learning and development."

Yeah
If I had more time I might've done this
But It's just really boring u know?
Explaining code and stuff.

I can't remember what I did say
I think I should've said more about the bullet system
And how I had EBullet as a central reference for ever other EBullet monobehaviour script.
That was a new thing I did
And it felt very smart

========
"Moving forward, it will be beneficial to plan projects on paper more thoroughly and to work more closely with classmates and module staff to develop, revise and iterate upon the plan and project to keep it on track. Communication, both written and through feedback and project discussions will greatly enhance the development of your skills and portfolio moving forward. "

hmm
yeah

well im doing planning better now

communication with module staff and classmates
that's still in the gutter

hmm
u know
yeah...

idk but it's like, you got any tips?
to just say that at the end...
I've basically been told that my entire life.
Idk what to do.
Idk how these people can help me
And I don't really like talking to them
I like them as people
But idk
I don't know what to think of presenting things to them and asking for feedback

I guess I should just do it more
Just get feedback more
I always make such a big deal out of it though
But I shouldn't 
I should just do it

Most of the time too
The stuff they say doesn't feel helpful
But it is helpful to just have them play your game

But yeh, no I remember now
I never do this because at around midway through I usually get real anxious about them being worried
About it being like an inspection
And them being critical 

I just want to do the work and do it my way
I don't want to have deal with someone panicing for me u know?
That's usually what I don't want to have to deal with.
Them kind of pre-emptively marking almost
Them going oh this looks bad, you need to do something right now

I think I should just try and get over it
Atleast this year that should be easy
Afterall it's just one module

I don't have to deal with presenting work for a module that I've ignored or put on the back burner